feat: add Playwright Test Runner template (#133)
apify/actor-templates: templates/ts-playwright-test-runner/README.md

# Playwright Test

Run your Playwright tests on the Apify Platform effectively and easily. Just set up your test environment using a user-friendly UI and let the platform do the rest.

> > Note: This is a custom version of this actor. If you want to use the original simple version, please use the [official actor](https://apify.com/jindrich.bar/playwright-test).
> > 
> > Unlike the original actor, this version reads test suite files from the `tests` folder and does not allow you to pass the test codes via Apify input.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: This is a custom version of [`Playwright Test Runner`](https://apify.com/jindrich.bar/playwright-test) actor. Unlike the original actor, this version reads test suite files from the `tests` folder and does not allow you to pass the test codes via Apify input.
```
